# Release notes

This document contains the notes for individual releases of the _TeklaStructuralDesigner.RemotingAPI_ NuGet package for major version 24.

## Version 24.4.0
* A new interface `IHaveUserName` has been added and implemented by most model entities
* The property `Ec3FormulaType` has been added to `ICombination`.
* The ability to access calculations of a structural wall (`IStructuralWall`) has been added (see `IHaveCalculations`).

## Version 24.3.0

* A new value `SquareBar` has been added to the `SectionType` enumeration
  * A new interface `IBar` has been added which represents both square and flat bars
  * The interface `IFlatBar` has been made obsolete and will be removed in version 26.0.0
* New `ColumnBrace`, `BeamBrace` and `XBrace` connection types have been added.
* A new reinforcement geometry `Wire` and associated `IReinforcementWireSize` interface has been added.

## Version 24.2.0

* The property `MinorAxisElasticSectionModulus` of `IColdRolledSectionBase` has been made optional. It will return `double.NaN` in case it is not available and its type will change to `double?` in version 26.0.0.
* A new value `Mexico` has been added to the `Country` enumeration.

## Version 24.1.0

* A new overload for `IModel.CreateMemberAttributeSetAsync` method has been added that allows users to specify the type of created member.
  * This change also allows users to set the section of created members.
  * The original overload is therefore redundant, has been marked obsolete and will be removed in version 26.0.0.
* The property `IsWindward` has been added to `ISnowLoadDataDrift`.
* The property `DistanceToRidge` has been added to `ISnowLoadDataRainOnSnow`.

## Version 24.0.0

* A dedicated combination class for staged construction has been added.
* A dedicated set of staged construction analysis types has been added.
* The ability to access analysis types used in element design has been added (see `GetAnalysisTypesForElementDesignAsync` in `Structure.IModel`).
* A new masonry material type has been added (see `IMasonry`).
  * Unfortunately, this _breaks the backwards compatibility_ so in order to work with TSD of version 24.0 and later, the API of at least version 24.0 needs to be used.
