# Release notes

This document contains the notes for individual releases of the _TeklaStructuralDesigner.RemotingAPI_ NuGet package for major version 25.

## Version 25.1.0

* A new interface `IForce3d` has been extracted. The existing `IForce3DLocal` and `IForce3DGlobal` interfaces are now extending it.
* A new interface `IErrorFamily` has been added.
* A new method `Structure.IModel.GetSolverErrorsAsync` has been added that allows users to obtain solver errors for the given analysis types.
* A new namespace `TSD.API.Remoting.Filtering` has been added that provides objects for filtering entities.
* A new property `TabularResultsAccessor` has been added to the `Structure.IModel` interface. It allows the access to various tabular results.
* A new property `BimSource` has been added to the `IBimData` interface.
* A new method `Structure.IModel.GetSelectedAnalysisTypeAsync` has been added that allows users to obtain the currently selected analysis type.
* A new method `GetResult` has been added to the `IDesignCondition` interface that allows users to obtain the overall design result.
* A new property `MasonryReinforcement` has been added to the `IStructuralWallPanel` interface.
* A new method `Structure.IModel.GetStructuralWallPatchesAsync` has been added that allows users to obtain the patches in structural walls.

## Version 25.0.1

* The following obsolete properties of `IWebOpening` interface have been removed:
  * `Stiffening`
  * `StiffenerDepth`
  * `StiffenerThickness`
  * `StiffenerLength`
  * `EdgeToStiffenerCenter`
* The type of the property `IWebOpening.IsStiffened` has been changed to `IReadOnlyProperty`.
* The obsolete `IPlatedISection` interface has been removed.
* A new set of properties related to floor vibration has been added to `ISteelBeamSpanData` interface.
* A new method `ISectionFactory.GetSectionGroupsAsync` has been added that allows users to obtain section groups compatible with the given head code and geometry.
* New properties `GaugeFactory`, `ProfileFactory` and `MaterialFactory` have been added to `IModel` interface.
* A new property `UnitSettings` has been added to `IModelSettings` interface.
